good morning it's july 11
2021 and it's a sunday
here in l.a uh sunny morning
uh beautiful gentle breeze blowing
66 degrees fahrenheit
around 19 celsius
today i'm hoping that
all the projects are going along great
this afternoon it'll be going up to
84 degrees fahrenheit around
29 celsius and
it looks like once again we're going to
be enjoying those beautiful blue skies
and golden sunshine
[Music]
there yesterday clouds came again
and i think it's these humidity clouds
from what i'm hearing is that
um moisture coming up
uh it's this raining maybe in the desert
in arizona or arizona or nevada
it's where you get those desert
beautiful desert blooms
and sometimes that weather bringing the
rain to the deserts
is a big big enough storm that
comes into la and brings clouds and
humidity
in the middle of the summer
so every summer there is a time when
there's humidity in l.a
and this may be one of them so
that's why these clouds keep coming in
when it's supposed to be blue skies
and golden sunshine so we'll see what
happens
if you see some wispy clouds in l.a
today
you know chances are the desert is
blooming somewhere
it's a beautiful thought everyone
have a great day